Project one, or  "emotional-control"  Is an entertainment application based around the technologies "facial recognition", "emotional analysis's" through "microsoft Azure" when a URL is provided of an image it auto dectects any faces and breaks down the faces in JSON format giving readouts for emotion, size, shape, exposure ect... 
    The purpose  For creating an application with these technologies revolves around user experience. by adapting search results to a user's emotions I feel that we will be able to revolutionize the way that we browse the Internet. For now this application only analyzes a face provided by a URL, this is early stage.  For now I think of it is just a fun little application to test if the technology is accurate. You can copy and paste almost any URL that has a face and you will get a read out. 
     There will be several phases to this project. the final phase being that I want to make a browser extension that can watch you as you give input to the content you are viewing. eventually it will adapt to how you feel about your search results. if happy really makes you happy or sad really makes you sad... everyone's personality is different. everyone feels differently. what makes me happy might not make you happy, and that's what this is supposed to do it will adapt to your specific emotion. 

		 	Imagine being able to type "funny" into your youtube search bar and the browser knows exactly what you find funny!...... (no more stupid parody videos for me...thank goodness.) 